To sing shouka, it is important to raise and lower your voice,
and to stretch your voice for a long time, or to shorten it.
In other words, you should sing the song firmly.
And, as we have talked so far,
you should pay attention to the way of using your breath,
the shape of your mouth, that is, to say the words clearly, and so on.
Now, let's sing the shouka of Ikenokoi,
which is called, Come Out, Come Out.
Please listen carefully.
Come out, come out, Ikenokoi
In the quietness of the pine trees
The sound of the bell
Come out, come out, Ikenokoi
You should sing like this, but...
In the quietness of the pine trees
You should sing like this, but you will not get anything.
You should pay attention to how you lengthen your voice and shorten it.
Also, the same applies to the height and lowness.
Come out, come out, Ikenokoi
You should not sing like this.
The height of Ikenokoi is wrong.
Therefore, it is important to pay attention to the length, shortness, and height of the voice.
If you want to sing well,
it is important to listen to it when other people are singing.
You need to listen carefully.
Now, let's sing the shouka of Come Out, Come Out.
Please listen.
Come out, come out, Ikenokoi
In the quietness of the pine trees
The sound of the bell
Come out, come out, Ikenokoi
In the shadow of the fallen trees
If you can see the yakiniku you threw, come
If you can see it, come